I have a mobile app frontend that has authentication email, phone number and password. Log in screen that accepts number or email and password, register screen that takes names, number and passwords.  This app has screen sales, expenses, dashboard and settings. The sales screen has a modal with a form to create sales with fields Product name, price, quantity, commission, supplier, feedback, toggle commission paid button and date picker. The expense screen has a modal with a form to create expenses with fields title, amount, description and date picker. The dashboard screen has an overview of total sales, total expense, total products and commission paid cards of the month. Below there is a card for unpaid commission total and a list by supplier and product with the commission,this only appears if there is any unpaid commission and if user edits and marks paid these can disappear. Another card with sales and expense history where the user can check them by month filters and can be able to edit a sale or an expense. Then a settings screen where the user can be able to set their profile, change names, email, number or password, set avator image, delete account, set 2Factor login. Set dark or light theme, export data to excel where they can pick from which date they want to export. Pay for premium to access the data export feature which is paid for yearly and the feature is available for those paid. Share app button and Logout button and app version last. I want to create a backend for this app with laravel restful api write for me everything required to make the backend successful.

